Add a custom Doctrine filter example (#186)
api-platform/demo: README.md

What can I find in this demo? 
=============================

> This demo application contains several things you may be interested:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo application contains several features you may be interested by:
```

Author: The preposition by after the adjective interested may be incorrect. Consider changing it to another preposition.

Reviewer: In english, you are "interested **by**" something.

Author: > I still find weird to apply a filter to disable a behavior, instead of applying a filter to enable a feature.

I understand your POV, but it's an approach I find interesting (and used in real projects). Maybe, for the next example, we can do something more in the spirit of what show the documentation and the [RegexpFilter](https://api-platform.com/docs/core/filters/#creating-custom-doctrine-orm-filters). It will be complementary.

Author: > In english, you are "interested **by**" something.

Using "by" seems wrong in this context: https://english.stackexchange.com/q/556022/91524 🙂

Reviewer: :+1: Yep, so maybe reformulating your sentence like `This demo application contains several features you may find interesting:`

* [Overriding the OpenAPI Specification documentation](https://api-platform.com/docs/core/swagger/#overriding-the-openapi-specification)
* [Code in api/src/Swagger/SwaggerDecorator.php](api/src/Swagger/SwaggerDecorator.php)

Custom Doctrine ORM Filter
--------------------------

> This example shows how to implement a custom Doctrine filter. It's a generic filter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to implement a custom API filter using Doctrine. It's a generic filter
```
